{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13300\viewh11120\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ri-4895\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 devlog\
\
- figure out how to display data properly in an array (complete)\
	- copy the code to both index.html and dashboard (complete)\
	- make another tab for resources\'96 another html file link?\
	- figure out how to make a search bar. This will be difficult. \
\
- make the account dashBOARD thing\
\
- figure out how to make sure the link is actually a google docs link before uploading (completed)\
\
- figure out a way to allow for updates\
	- have a button that pu,shes a fic when the writer updates\
	- have multi-chapter format like ao3\
\
- figure out how to upload mass texts (complete) [they have to do it in chapters. Deleted the blob thing, instead limited character limit to 10k words and 65000 characters.]\
\
- make upload function\
\
- fix login sign up? Assign usernames to whoever is making fic. (Fixed. Make it go to dashboard after login/signin and test if the username/email is assigned.) then add edit function\
\
- username/email on work is FIXED and CHECKED. need to add table of contents. CHAPTER SYSTEM is not yet finished, trying to make the upload function again on NOTES it is INCOMPLETE. \
\
**** CURRENTLY we need to add the document title or whatever to the url, and make sure that the upload chapter thing is working. The bare bones are there but need to check if the content is actually added into the appropriate document. The url thing is to make sure the chapter is added to the right work. \
\
Gonna do today:\
\
- make pages for each thing needed\
	- uploading\
	- reading\
	- resources\
	- list of authors\
\
\
\
\
UPDATE: we\'92re restarting this. We need a game plan. \
\
Today: made a navigation list of everything\
To do: \
\
- make the account system again\
	- Add more properties to each user\
		- Eg. Username, works=0, total comments=0, liked works=0\
\
- make an account page. Display all statistics. Figure out how to do that without creating a whole other swarm of HTML pages. \
\
- make the displaying thing again\
\
- figure out how to have a side bar for resources\
\
- figure out how to save works\
	- and how to make them editable\
\
- add a commenting system and a rating system\
\
MVP:\
\
- account system\
- work uploading\
- work editing\
- likes\
- work display\
- resource display\
\
\
ENDGAME PLAN:\
- make website\
- promote it to the google classroom/pinterest peeps\
- add a GOOD commenting system\
- ASK FOR SUBMISSIONS. Create a google form, ask for beta users, etc, if we get enough we\'92re GOING ALL IN\
- start a monthly literary showcase\
- start competitions\
- start beta reader assignment events\
- OH PROMOTE OTHER MAGAZINES. BE THEEE MAGAZINE. YEAHHH. \
- target could be poetry or short fiction. That\'92s not that niche. \
- place emphasis on COMMUNITY. COMMUNITY. LITERALLY. \
- add a CURRENT EVENTS tab for those events\
- hmm. Add a devlog Timelapse for attention\'96 develop a website with me??\
\
Right now:\
- confirm that the submit work thing actually\'85 yk works\
- figure out how to display the works, there was an error or something\
- figure out the content => file blob process, there are errors\
\
daily didbits :]\
- the doc system is working\
- started on the file blob process\
- the file blob thing is NOT aight\
- we\'92re doing sub documents ig\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}